Okay family how are you having a good
Sunday today I should be uploading
another video the video that was due now
was not this one I had to upload a video about
the Daniel Sancho case that I have some
updates to discuss with you
stay tuned because the next one
will be or so I imagine we'll see you
know how this works current events don't
rule and I had to put
this video in between because I have to
update this case that you already know that we have been
covering since it came out and the
truth is that it seems to me that
very interesting things have come out that I have to
tell you also you have to stay
tuned because today February 16th
2025 on this channel starting today every
Sunday at 9 pm
Spanish time over here the editor will be
putting several schedules from other countries
my podcast with Fran Cuesta premieres
Fran Cuesta and Javi Oliveira will be here
on this channel every Sunday at 9
pm you know that you can watch it
delayed if you can't but if you watch it
live it would be ideal because Chatting a
little about all the gossip of all the
current events and all  the things that have
happened during the week we will be an
hour and a half in which we will also
have a guest we will have a
guest every week on this occasion
well on this occasion great occasion
Because in addition to the premiere we have
Iker Jiménez himself he is a
television presenter that I admire very much and it
is a complete honor for me to launch
this new project counting on him to
be our godfather let's say we are not going to
try to bring you very God guests every week
from time
to time we will also bring collaborators to do chat shows and things like that okay So stay tuned because we are not going to disappoint I am sure that we are going to be talked about so what I said okay Sundays the jungle at 9 Spanish time and all these schedules in other countries
okay I trust you that you are not going to let me
down I have to tell you because we
won we could say we won Yes
because until now that they finally charge
the crime that they have to charge us we have
been discussing in the last few days
about the possible crime of abandonment that they were
going to charge these people with I
recommend that you watch the first video that I
made on the subject to catch  the
context if you haven't
heard the story but well There
in that video is everything We were also
discussing a week ago about the
crime for which
Fofo Márquez was convicted Fofo Márquez was
convicted of attempted femicide
when many people didn't agree
and saw it more as an injury In
fact we also had the case of Marian
Gonzaga who is this girl that we
are also waiting to see what happens There have
also been a few
updates but I have not been able to
record the video if you are very interested
give this a lot of like and put it
in the comments box Okay and I'll
bring you all the news
because it's intense the truth is that it's
intense [ __ ] There are no days that I don't have
topics to record and I don't know what to bring you
a video about but last week The truth
is that it has been overwhelming because I don't feel like it I
mean there are days that I have uploaded
two videos on this channel But well that
's good that we do not lack work and in
the case of Maria for example  we were
debating because due to the fact that he is a
minor For little time or that he has
little time left being a minor he is 17 years old he is barely
going to serve his sentence so that's why I
was telling you about we won obviously this
news is never good the best thing would be
if this never happened and that we never
had to be commenting on this
but since this happened a few
days ago I am glad that finally the
prosecutor's office and the judge are charging
these two brats with the crime of attempted
murder because that is what it is to have
taken having a baby in the bathroom you
tried to flush the baby down the
toilet throw it in the trash and finally
you call your boyfriend And your boyfriend gets rid
of it by putting it under a car so that
a wheel runs over it obviously this
is an attempted murder that has been
thwarted by a miracle no and I say
miracle very much in quotes you know that I
am not a believer but come on what luck
that baby has had what a super
survivor let's hope that it doesn't have many
after-effects and so on because the baby has
been locked up well first the birth
no I mean the whole birth How will it have been or
in what conditions was that  I give birth
the shaking that the mother must have given him
to throw him here to throw him there they
put him in a bag where he can't
breathe then inside the bag in
a backpack they put him on the ground
lying there
any rat could have
eaten him and all this without taking into account the mistreatment that the mother must have given him while holding him in her womb if she didn't beat her belly if she didn't beat the [ __ ] out of her stomach if she didn't take the thing that she must have taken to try to abort I mean really it is a miracle literally in every
sense of the word that this baby is
alive because we do have news that
currently at this moment that I'm
recording this video he is improving
a lot in health and that is great
news Also apart from the indictment
of the fathers the newborn who was
abandoned on the streets of the municipality of
Tultitlán last Tuesday in the State
of Mexico is in good
general physical condition the hospital continues to be
stable the Bicentennial Hospital of
Independence with a weight in accordance with his
36 weeks of gestation regarding the
legal status of his parents Diana n
and Lucio n tonight A few hours ago the
Mexiquense prosecutor's office obtained orders
apprehension against both the
investigation is based on the attempt from
now on the prosecutor's office released this
poster where it basically asks people that
if they recognize him on the street they help
catch him. Although well, Lucio, you already
know that he turned himself in and she
put herself at the disposal of the authorities. But well, she was in the hospital. So both have been found and arrested very easily. Lucio went to the Justice Center for Women to expand his statement regarding the mother, Diana, 21 years old, remains in custody
in the maternity area inside the
José Vicente Villada hospital, this in
Cuautitlán. Iscali is investigated for the
crime of abandonment of a newborn.
Diana had declared that Lucio
took him based on deception and that she did not know that she would
abandon him, but later
the WhatsApp conversations came to light
where they are both shown
agreeing to get rid of the baby,
put it in a channel, this thing is still
moving, do you remember, of course,
this phrase that shook us
all, let's hope that karma comes to her soon,
which by the way she has tattooed
on her neck.  You know that in principle,
as we were commenting in the
previous video, the crime
of abandonment was simply being considered, which only had
a sentence of up to 5 years in prison and
apart from that sentence, it was quite likely
that both Lucio and Diana would spend the entire
time of the procedure before being
sentenced in freedom. But well, you
will also remember that in the
previous video, I am putting it
on screen here but in the previous video
we read them and we
carefully analyzed the entire story of how the
whole situation unfolded in those
conversations, those conversations have
been fundamental because they are
completely incriminating there you
can see perfectly how both are
guilty, both wanted to get rid of the
baby and not get rid of it, like abandoning it
in a hospital or in an orphanage, they did not
want to kill it, she was recognizing
that she had tried to throw it away because the baby was
moving and it was in the garbage, she
calls her boyfriend to come for it and she
is asking him to throw it away in a
channel, she gives it to her boyfriend in the bag that
by the way she said, well, Now
later I will tell you some things not
about the subject that she was
trying to blame later only  him and it's
like but girl if I told him the baby is
inside a supermarket bag and he
put the bag inside a backpack or I
mean, at what point do you say that you didn't
know what you were doing and that you
thought he was taking it to the hospital
love I don't know what you're
talking about I need you to show me I
need you to yeah Well teach me
Tell me what happened don't tell me like that I understand
how you feel love So it can you can I do
n't know you can be in shock
right now because yeah it's something that
yeah And yes yes yes I believe it moves
literally well it's a life whether you
like it or not it's a life obviously it
was already formed because it had been
there for a while love and it had been a while that I don't
think that's why it was giving you
a lot of pain and also because you took
a lot of blood Well yes it is what it is it's
a fetus so you aborted well that's not it Well yes well I do
n't know later he
asked her to come back and throw away the baby
which was also suggested by her so throw
it away there's no other choice throw it away try
clean yourself up if you stained yourself too much If you
want I can bring you some clothes or something
like that please already, that's it Try not to
see it literally because you can't do anything else
love You can't take it back
try not to see it anymore don't take it
seriously wrap it in paper throw it away
something like that and well if it's out it means that it
stops what the pill has
already passed It already worked So I don't know it's that I
'm nervous too Excuse me
but I'm trying to think of something
Lucio tried to calm down the mother and they
both agreed to abandon the little one
Calm down my life please try to
calm down no don't panic
Here I am And really if you
need it I'll come with you okay Yes I
know it's that we have to throw it away
right now if you want give it to me I'll
take it and I'll throw it away but calm down
please breathe relax because if you act
like that you'll lock yourself up and you won't
know anything By the way, a new
version of the security cameras came out
longer than we had seen this
time we have a clip in which we
can see  Lucio coming down the street
walking quietly with the baby in
his backpack I mean chill humanity zero eh I
mean feelings heart spirit zero
this guy is empty he's a scarecrow
[Music]
the brat is walking quietly looking at his phone
probably talking to
the relative who had him lost
and the guy gets there in the middle of a
neighborhood and finds the opportune moment
to get rid of the baby also there
under a car I mean it's that I already
told you I mean at least the boy was
kind of funny Because if he had been a little
smarter and had a little more
evil considering that the majority
of the family or nobody not of the fam
family knew that the potato was
pregnant and nobody expected anything nobody would have
missed either the pregnancy
or the baby the same if this brat
Instead of putting it in and leaving the baby under
the car he throws it In an open area where
nobody passes by or you know who does
n't and he doesn't find it or Peter nobody
suspects and nobody finds out because what I'm
telling you I mean his family didn't even know that
the girl was pregnant nor that he was
expecting a baby with his girlfriend, or rather, neither
his family nor her family, the mother, not that
the mother obviously kept
quiet, I mean, it doesn't make sense. I mean, no, there
was no record of anything. No
because I understand that if the family, I mean,
if this girl was like that, I understand that there
was no record of anything in any
gynecologist monitoring the pregnancy, I
mean, on top of that, the guy has been an
[ __ ] because it's still on top of that.
If he had worried a little more
about having dumped the baby in a hole, I
mean, nobody, nobody says anything, but well,
[ __ ] him, luckily he was an [ __ ]. Here there
is something that has become clear, we have
seen it in the conversations, both
wanted to kill the baby. I don't know if
when they go to judge this, it will be possible to
differentiate in some way the sentence of
one and the other because one of the two
is more involved, the truth. I mean, I
think that both are equally guilty and
equally accomplices. I mean, no, I don't think that
here one is the ringleader and the other
simply an accomplice or an accessory after the fact, I mean, there's no way
we have the conversations
where she  He tries to get the baby out no
matter what, he doesn't throw it with the bat because the
bat doesn't pass him and the garbage either
because it moves he calls it and hits the
baby put it in a bag that they put it in
the backpack I mean the difference is that
one I think that let's go the work was
divided the crime was divided So
I see them both equally
guilty in fact Well taking into
account that they put the soft one in for 17 years they have
n't sentenced him to 17 years Compared
to what these people are doing I think that
these people are worse than what the soft one is I mean
the soft one there comes a moment when he stops
violently attacking the woman
but the thing is that these people wanted to
get rid of or rather these people wanted to
kill the baby they didn't want to go all the way
then there is also an aggravating factor
surely because they are the parents I think there
is also an aggravating factor because it is a
newborn so as I was saying I
think that if there is a difference in
sentence between one and the other it could be
because of the collaboration because of course in the
end Lucio turned himself in Lucio has
turned himself in and has confessed from the
beginning she didn't Diana remember that she
was throwing him  She completely blames
Lucio and if it weren't for those
conversations, mm dude, if it weren't
for those conversations, there would be no way
to incriminate Diana. No, when I went into the
bathroom to clean myself up, I saw that there was
blood. After the bleeding, that's when
the baby came, it came with
everything and the placenta. I gave it to its
father so he could help me see what we
could do with it and he told me that he
was going to take it and I stayed
cleaning up. I had to clean up because it
was in my work area and well, I
couldn't leave everything like that. I thought he was going to
take it to the hospital or he was going to. No, well, no, I didn't
think it was a good idea to do it,
throw it away. Now, could we consider him a
fugitive? Yes, no, no, we're not going to count each other.
So, nothing to the creature. Well,
this beast went to the hospital
for it, they read it to it, and
you have the right to a translator or
interpreter, which will be provided
by the state. Okay, repeat
your strongest suit.
Please, show me your rights. Do you have any
rights? Is that clear to you? Do you have
any questions? Okay, then the Public Ministry will accompany us
to finish these proceedings
tomorrow.  the
future of both is decided after having been
captured today officially what happens tomorrow
is not a hearing as such it has a
name I have it written down here
hearing of legalization of capture
this basically is bureaucracy okay they
were not detained in reality they were
investigated os no and such until
today I say tomorrow but surely it depends on
where you are watching me okay for
many of you this hearing will be today
uh this hearing is not the one in which
they are sentenced Okay and such but
basically to confirm the prosecution
what the judge is asking more or less the
crime that is going to be charged what he is going to
ask by the way it has been very
funny to me that there has been some controversy on social
networks because of course the photo that was
public of Diana was this one and people
of course were expecting this one not this one Of course if they
had had to if they had to
locate Diana or identify her by
that photo they would not have found this one I
mean she doesn't even look like she is anymore I
mean no makeup or filter no they
would not have arrested her she would have walked
quietly down the street Even if it
had been in all the newspapers
in the world all the YouTube videos
in the world and everything The visions of the world
that is not the  same truth the filters
in the end the Instagram filters are
going to ruin our
existence Lucio has also been
captured officially although
you say Well but if he turned himself in
from the first day well until
now he was in a police station This is
protected they call it there I would say that
this is like detained or rather like Daniel
Sancho no I mean Daniel Sancho the
first the first Well yes the
first 2 TR days I don't remember I'm
speaking from memory but I don't know if it was
48 or 70 and so many hours he was in the
police station showering there even no and he
was there chilling smoking with the
police and so on until they put him
in provisional jail Well
Lucio was detained there wasting the day He has
already been officially captured
Lucio's mother has gone to see him to I understand
how they were taking him away maybe you know
that there was like a certain drama because a
prosecutor Well an official in the
prosecutor's office first did not want to see him and
they had to go to the other region of
Mexico So I came to see if now they are
going to listen to me if they are going to
allow me access and if now they are
to be able to take into account my word that I
wanted to do since yesterday it has been
a very complicated moment you are going to see your
son in the next few minutes you know what you are
going to tell him dul well that he has to
face things and that if what they
decide that is what we are going to follow or
rather I already told you I already told
everyone I am not here to clear
anyone's honor nor to take
my beautiful boy to my house or rather I
come with the intention of
clarifying this in the best way so
that the baby can have the safest place possible
That is my intention
and Well there you are seeing they are not
reading him his rights just like the other one
not that I understand well what well
basically bureaucracy So nothing
My son, [ __ ] you a lot in fact
Well you are getting less than what you
deserve as I said in the
previous video you both deserve to be
put in a little bag from Mercadona in
a backpack and then put them under
a car that is what you deserve No,
in the end it is  that they wanted to
do with the baby There would also be the
possibility that they would have a
reduced sentence if they went through
with the prosecutor's office. The thing is that the
crime seems so so serious to me. You know,
for example, Fofo had the option of
having a sentence here in Spain, it's
called a plea bargain, not a plea bargain,
and it's basically just
accepting the charges and reaching an agreement
in which, well, it's supposed to
get less for you, Fofo could have been
sentenced to 11 years if he had chosen
that and not 17, and then he would have
reduced it. Pando, I don't know exactly and so on.
This crime is very serious, I don't know to
what extent. They won't have an agreement here, it's
that they wanted to get rid of their baby. They wanted to get rid of
their newborn son.
The attitude of Diana's mother and
Diana's family is being highly
criticized on social media because during the visits they've
had to their daughter, they've even
threatened to break the cameras of
journalists who just wanted to
ask them things. This afternoon Diana's mother
went to visit her daughter and she's with
other relatives but they didn't want to make
any comments. You can turn off. You can
Turn off your I'll bust it I'll bust it I'll
bust it please the only thing I
respect we don't want for
[Music]
please in fact in the previous video
well the mother in the previous video I
forgot to put a clip in which the
mother was covering up for her daughter I
understand that it is not a crime of course
evidently here in Spain it is not a
crime when siblings couples and
parents and children cover up you are not
obligated to betray your
first degree relative But well evidently not
the acceptance and the by the
people Well it looks very different in fact
Lucio's mother wants to fight for
custody which I think she will not
achieve because I do not see the logic in it I mean it does
not make sense to either of them imagine no
eh the convicted parents and the baby who has
been the victim of that attempted
murder grows up with the grandmother and then
when the father gets out of jail who
reunites with the father lives with
the father who tried to kill her I mean it does
not make any sense and I think it
will not make sense that
the grandmother keeps custody which is true
the woman deserves it eh Because the
truth is that within what we are
seeing She is the one who is having more
values, she is giving more of her face, she says some
more coherent and logical things, right? And it
seems that she wants to fight for the good of the
baby but let's go that I think it is not going to
be because I do not see the logic in it, the
truth is I think it does not make sense. I
want to keep him, that is why I ask that if
someone is going to be granted
custody, then he does not have to be in
a shelter. I offer him a home with
his family, with his blood, with his grandmother and
not for Lucio to see him but because
I am interested because I am capable of
taking care of him, seeing him, raising him and
providing for him. Well, evidently, the
authorities have doubts about
whether it was possible to create a kid
within a home who is capable of
grabbing a child, throwing him in a bag and
leaving him on the street as if he were garbage,
well, you cannot fully trust
the capacity of that home to care for
a baby in that.
But well, we will see what
happens. We also have news, well,
news, information that  before we didn't
know about the place of birth of
this baby a pastry Diana had a
little time she had less than a month
working with us In fact she was
on trial at her job and she was working
half a shift what happened that day
well when I went to stock my
business normally there are always
several of us but that day my mom had to go somewhere
else and no she couldn't be there to
stock up I come back and comes out of the bathroom she says to me
Hey it's that I'm on my period I stained
this your bathroom Right now I'll clean it up yeah well
no the truth is I didn't stop by to see now I
continued doing my things I see
people arrive I go out to dispatch to attend well all that stuff comes
up about them taking out a
baby and everything I find out until
night I am surprised well many people have been
surprised that the owner
explained that the girl Diana after having had the
child in the bathroom and
Lucio took him continued and finished
her shift normally well not
that I am so surprised having seen
the conversations not the ones we were
reading in the previous video where they
were making plans for the
night of their normal life let's continue
with their  boyfriend plans you knew
Lucio the sight by sight it arrived Well
through her at night I knew that Diana
was pregnant no no She said that she was
n't pregnant on her application she's not
pregnant it seems that she's not
pregnant and she was a few months old then
with you Ah less than a month the
investigations continue your place is operating
normally yes yes right now yes and yes they have
come to investigate it for the
police well now we really know what's
going on how were they able no because one
never asked for help they never told me
Hey give me a chance to go to the doctor or what happened
this would have told me well I take her
in my car do I do something or not and no the
truth is everything normal continued working
normally and everything until 9 at night
when he got off work he did the
full shift Yes Yes he did his full shift
also the owner says that he saw Lucio
arrive at the place but that he didn't pay attention to him
because well well he simply saw him and
then he saw him leave too but he didn't
notice that she gave him the bag or
anything like that I saw the guy I did
see the guy but well I never saw anything strange I
mean no noo I never had contact with
them I didn't  I was talking, well
Chavo, it wasn't like that, a friend of mine that
I know, well, no, that's why I never had
any conversation with him, did
you see the bag when Diana gave it to you?
No, no, and yes, no, no, the truth is, yes, no, I didn't see
the bag, she didn't report that she
was pregnant, but it wasn't
physically noticeable on this young woman. No, it wasn't
noticeable and it's surprising that they say that
the baby, I mean, is big, no, it doesn't have, well, no, it wasn't
noticeable and I mean, I'm telling you
that I didn't give, I mean, nobody knew that she was
pregnant. By the way, it's true about
the gestational weeks, that
the colleague had been pregnant for almost 9
months, that in the previous video
I was telling you that I thought that she would
surely be
50 months, six or something like that.
And that the baby would have been born very
premature because of the things that were
taken to expel it and so on, but
no, she was 36 weeks, that is, she
was practically finishing the
entire pregnancy and well, the move is that
both Diana's family and
Lucio's family want to keep
custody of the baby and they're going to be
fighting. But like  I've told you before in
any case I would give it to Lucio's mother
at least Apparently Let's see we do
n't know her we've seen many
times in a lot of cases that
appearances are deceiving I think
logically to neither of the two families
But well I don't know how it will work there in
Mexico tell me in the
comments box the good news is that
the baby is stable he's fine The
paternal grandmother says we don't want the baby to
arrive with the maternal family internally
we want the authorities to investigate
what happened on the part of both
families but we also want
this little one to be in good hands now that we
know that the family is fine I think
nothing more to Add here we are
leaving This video what was said today I don't know
if I will upload the other video by Daniel Sancho
okay I'm going to try to make it in the
next few hours the editor is going to kill me we have it we have it
Full speed ahead we have it at
full speed but they were very
attentive to the jungle podcast that
premieres today Sunday the 16th at 9
Spanish time I love you very much okay
Thank you for the support you are giving
to the Channel lately I have also uploaded you
a video before this one which is
a blog of the trip to New York Here we
do everything go support it and see it
if you are interested Okay and we'll see each other in the
next one bye see you later with Fran
Cuesta and with Iker Jimene eh almost nothing
bye
[Music]